Here are some exercise questions for candidates on the topic of "Lists" in Python, suitable for homework:
Basic:
    1.Create a list of your favorite movies.
    2.Create a list of integers from 1 to 10.
    3.Create a list of the first 5 letters of the alphabet.
    4.Create an empty list and then add 3 different data types to it (e.g., integer, string, boolean).
    5.Create a list of 5 colors and print the second and fourth colors.
Intermediate:
    1.Given a list of numbers, find the sum of all the numbers.
    2.Given a list of strings, concatenate all the strings together.
    3.Given a list of numbers, find the largest and smallest numbers.
    4.Given a list of names, sort the list in alphabetical order.
    5.Given a list of numbers, remove all duplicates from the list.
Advanced:
    1.Implement a function to reverse a list without using the built-in reverse() method.
    2.Implement a function to find the second largest element in a list.
    3.Given two lists, create a new list that contains only the elements that are common to both lists.
    4.Given a list of numbers, create a new list that contains only the even numbers.
    5.Implement a simple "to-do" list application using lists. Allow users to add, remove, and view tasks.
Tips for the Instructor:
    •   Adjust difficulty: Tailor the exercises to the skill level of your candidates.
    •   Provide hints: Offer hints or guidance if candidates are stuck.
    •   Encourage creativity: Allow for some creative problem-solving and different approaches to the exercises.
    •   Review solutions: Discuss the solutions in class and provide feedback to the candidates.
Example of an Exercise with a Solution:
Exercise:
Given a list of numbers, find the sum of all the numbers.
Solution:
    Python
    def sum_of_numbers(numbers):
        """
        Calculates the sum of all numbers in a list.
        Args:
        numbers: A list of numbers.
        Returns:
        The sum of all numbers in the list.
        """
        total = 0
        for number in numbers:
        total += number
        return total
    # Example usage:
    my_list = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
    result = sum_of_numbers(my_list)
    print("Sum of numbers:", result) # Output: Sum of numbers: 15
I hope these exercises are helpful for your candidates!